there's something very lovely and real
about Hana
she gives me a very deep feeling have
been part of something did you ever read
this one
I don't Lee I'm in love with them
well you mentioned to me yourself that
you mail yet we're having some problem
you're having problems some problems
that are my business
which I don't see how you could know
about in such a detail
it's a good thing we had a talented
daughter and I can only hope that she
was mine
with you as her mother's her father
could be anybody in Actors Equity two
months ago you thought you had a
malignant melanoma naturally I'd the
sudden appearance of a black spot on my
back come on your shirt I'm gonna cry
you want my husband to have a child with
you yeah don't answer now just you know
take it home and think about it for one
god I should have married you years ago
when you wanted you I should have agreed
don't you know it never would have
worked
it's an epiphany of the soul if you know
what I mean I know I know exactly what
you mean God I don't know if you
remember me but we had the worst night
of my life together
[Music]